Aji13187/7617 toolkit version 300 (#789)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-toolkit-qt: README.md

|      TimeSlider                   |        [✔](uitools/toolkitcpp/docs/TimeSlider.md)       |                                                          |
| UtilityNetworkTrace               |  [✔](uitools/toolkitcpp/docs/UtilityNetworkTrace.md)    |                                                          |

## QML import versioning

> When importing the toolkit's QML types, for example `import Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit`, Don't use import numbers for our toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When importing the toolkit's QML types, for example `import Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit`, don't use import numbers for our toolkit.
```

> 
> If you must, the version is 3.0 and will remain that throughout the entire 300 release lifecycle.
> The reason for that is that Qt's versioning system does not allow versions greater than 254, per https://doc.qt.io/qt-6/qtyperevision.html#isValidSegment
> 

Reviewer 2: Super nitpicky and feel free to disregard this, but:

```suggestion
## QML import versioning

When importing the toolkit's QML types (for example `import Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit`), version numbers are not required.

If you must, the version is 3.0 for the 300.x.x release series of the ArcGIS Maps SDK for Qt.
The toolkit version is declared this way because Qt's versioning system does not allow versions greater than 254, per https://doc.qt.io/qt-6/qtyperevision.html#isValidSegment
```
Changes per sentence:
1. Made the sentence explanatory instead of directive. There's nothing wrong with declaring the version number when importing, it's just unneeded.
2. More explicit about what the 300 release cycle refers to.
3. More explicit
